Refund request review process
Your refund/replacement/return request may take up to 48 hours to be reviewed by a trained agent. We’ll send an email notification once your refund request has been approved or denied. If your account is not linked to an email, you are able to see the decision in your iHerb account messages. 

If approved, please allow 7-10 business days for your bank to finish processing the refund to the original payment method. It may take up to 30 days to complete the refund if the order was paid using Apple Pay or PayPal. Please note, each refund request will be processed at iHerb's discretion.

If your refund has not been received after 35 days of approval from iHerb, please contact your card issuer or bank. This is an issue occurring on their end and they will be best suited to assist you further.

The replacement order will be sent once it is fulfilled. It may take up to 48 hours for the order to be shipped. You will see a new order number and tracking details in your account. Please note that not all items are eligible to be reshipped. 

Refunds for canceled orders
Rest assured, you will not be charged for canceled orders. You may see a pending transaction that is voided upon order cancellation. iHerb never receives payment until orders have been shipped.

Please allow 7-10 business days for the funds to appear in the financial account associated with your payment method. You may see the voided transaction on your bank statement. 

If the order was paid using Apple Pay or PayPal, it may take up to 30 days to void the pending transaction. 

Refunds for international orders
Refunds may take up to 35 days to process for customers outside of the United States.  Store credit is the quickest way to be refunded and is typically available for use within 24 hours of refund approval.

If your refund has not been received after 35 days of approval from iHerb, please contact your card issuer or bank. This is an issue occurring on their end and they will be best suited to assist you further.